c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\WebApplication3.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\WebApplication3.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\WebApplication3.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Diary.CQRS.Configuration.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Diary.CQRS.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\StructureMap.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Diary.CQRS.Configuration.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\Diary.CQRS.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\StructureMap.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\bin\zh-Hans\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\obj\Debug\WebApplication3.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\obj\Debug\WebApplication3.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WebApplication3\WebApplication3\obj\Debug\WebApplication3.pdb
